id-2996	my wife and i stayed at the hotel vintage plaza for the first night of our honeymoon, before we traveled the next day. while the hotel itself was beautiful, most of the staff friendly, and the amenities pretty spectacular, one event marred our stay and has left us completely unwilling to ever stay in this facility again. the day we checked out, we realized that we had forgotten one of the cards we received from family on the desk. we called the front desk just before we left town, and they said they'd have housekeeping check for the card and bring it to the front desk. a week later, when we returned, we called the hotel, and they advised us they had found the card. we stopped in on the way home, and i went to the front desk. they handed me the card, and i was shocked to find that the envelope had been opened! i immediately asked to speak to the manager on duty, and when i pointed out to him that someone on his staff had opened our envelope, we were rebuffed stating that, no one on his staff would ever do that. i knew i would not get any further with him, so i left. i did write a letter to the general manager, which also was rebuffed with the statement that, no one on their staff would have opened the envelope, you must have done it. needless to say, we will never return to this hotel, and will never recommend it to any of our friends.
id-2966	i have stayed at many la quinta's but, the la quinta innsan diego scripps poway absolutely stinks. motel 6 would have been a better choice. the room i had was grungy and had distinct unpleasant odor. the complementary breakfast was bagels and cereal with coffee or apple juice. the ice machine was busted so there was no ice. i would only stay here if i had no other options. they advertise $79 but i ended paying $103. way too much for this place.
id-2032	i chose this place because i was on a budget and was only staying in town one night. upon getting there i realized that you need to pay extra for internet access, which was still slow. the room was smelly, and the bathroom was gross. luckily i brought my own blankets and pillow, because the bed and its linens were dirty smelling. the only thing that would redeem this hotel is the fact that it is located around lots of shopping and restaurants.
id-1158	we recently stayed at the oceanfront hilton in virginia beach and enjoyed our stay very much. we were warmly greeted by the staff at the front desk and completed our checkin very promptly. we requested a standard room but ended up getting an oceanview room at no extra charge. the room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. the decor of the room was new and pleasing. the view was outstanding from the 8th floor and the hotel was located in a great spot which was close to activities and restaurants. the staff was very polite and willing to help us with anything we needed. they had a restaurant on the first floor that served some amazing sea food dishes and had a large selection of beer and other drinks. overall i would recommend this hotel to anyone. we were very surprised with the value of this hotel and will be staying here again on our next vacation.
id-2888	i arrived at the hotel around 1pm and was told check in was at 2pm but i could go ahead and put my stuff in my room. when i walked in, i realized the housekeeper was there. i left my two bags and lunch for two that i had just purchased and asked her where i should leave them. she directed me to the top of the microwave. when i returned, my food had been tossed in the trash. when i spoke with the owner, he yelled at me and told me it was my fault. he refused to refund my money so i stayed for a couple of hours. i found cockroaches in my room. i took off and never got a refund. when i reported to better business bureau, owner closed the case by saying i had been refunded which was a lie because i never received a single penny back. worst experience of my life. the owner was so nasty, he made me cry in front of other guests. his son who sat behind the reception desk wore no shoes. it was disgusting. i was there for the weekend because i was considering attending the college, needless to say, i never went back to that town.
id-2980	of all of the hotels a person stays at, when he or she hears the name "hilton" you know to expect quality. even on lower quality hotels hilton lives up to the name that is brought by the chain. when i decided on a hilton, in chicago, right on michigan avenue i expected the best in service and quality. apparently i was expecting too much.we were checking in on a saturday afternoon and told we could not check-in early. we let the valets take our cars, with our luggage, and decided to walk around until we could check-in. our mistake. we really should have just gone and stood in line. when it came time to check in there were lines that nearly reached the door, even with every counter being attended to. it took us over an hour to check in to the hotel. i am not even sure why because when we checked in it was a matter of quickly processing and then giving us a key. our check-in did not take longer than five minutes, and the staff was not all together friendly about it. we went up to our room, which was one of the smallest rooms i've ever stayed in, and even in chicago the price was bleeding someone dry. the bathroom was a mess of toilet paper just being slung about and the remote had no batteries. this was not a case of the hotel taking the batteries unless they are requested because when i told the employees about the mistake they asked me if i was sure there were no batteries. we left for the day and returned late at night. i threw the deadbolt on the door, because we were in chicago at night, and my friend and i went to order dinner from room service. as we were deciding on dinner someone tried to get into our room. a guest. who had the right key. if the dead bolt had not been on the door the man would have walked in. i pushed the door further closed and told him we were calling management. management came up, and hardly cared as they explained he was given the wrong key and escorted him away from our room. i asked if we could be changed to a different room and was told we could not because the hotel was full. now we slid something in front of the door as well once our dinner arrived to keep any other unwanted visitors away. it did not take long before there was another one. a maid tried to walk right into our room. she asked if we needed the room cleaned. considering i had never bothered to complain about the bathroom i hardly saw a reason why at nine at night a maid would believe we needed the room cleaned. i once again was calling management, who never got back to me on that one.despite telling management of our problems with the hotel, and the staff, and the food (which was overcooked and they tried three times to charge us for something we did not order) all we received upon check-out was an, "i'm sorry. thank you for staying at chicago hilton." i will not be going back there, or to any hilton if i can help it.
id-1038	the aquarius hotel and resort in laughlin nevada is like being in las vegas. it is easily the best hotel on the strip. the ammenities alone make the aquarius my preferred hotel. they offer an adult tower, which we always request. the beds are unbeleivably comfortable, which is exactly what we need after spending 4 nights camping on the river. the showers offer the perfect water pressure and lots of hot, hot water. the rooms are large, the views great. besides the ammentities, the buffet is also the best on the strip, with the best salad bar, and the choicest selections, not to mention free drinks. definately not the hospital-type food other laughlin hotel buffets offer. and, the casino itself is the best - funnest slots, good payouts, roomy with good ventilation and lighting. but my favorite part of the aquarius is their club card. every month i get two free nights (weekends included) plus free tickets to concerts or other laughlin events! it's almost like a free mini-vacation every month! love you aquarius!!
id-1170	i took a trip with my girlfriends to vegas for a weekend and we decided to book at the luxor, not only is a super cool building but we could not beat the price! it was only $46/night! everything from the food to the pool was 5 stars in my book. as we were walking around the hotel on the 2nd day, one of the hotel staff gave me and my friends free ticket to the chris angel show! it was amazing and we were so excited to have the tickets for free! i think that the staff at the luxor really try to please their visitors and i would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to have a good time in vegas without spending their whole life savings.
id-1236	i stayed at the san bernardino hilton located on 1755 s waterman ave, san bernardino, california and received the best service out of all the hotels i've been to. i had a single room that was equipped with 1 king size bed that included 250 thread count linens non allergenic feather pillows a 32 inch lcd flat screen panel tv with all of the good movie channels. i slept like a baby in the huge king bed until 12pm and had the up most comfort with the light and sound blocking curtains. room service was great and courteous very well-mannered professional people even during a dispute with another customer, they still maintained their level and handled difficult situations with ease. their 24 hour pavillion market was awesome and convienant, i was able to purchase items i forgot to pack along with a few grocery items when i did not feel like having room service, which was not often since the food was so delicious, especially breakfast.
id-1058	i stayed at this hotel, oh, must have been a year ago now; they were fixing a hole in my wall at home, and i needed to get out for a couple nights to let them work. it was just down the street.  i was really surprised at how nice the stay was. the room tv was impressively large, which is, of course, my main concern. that and the complimentary high speed internet access, of course.  about the only thing i did not like about the place was a little quibble about the bill -- nothing major, just some food cost more than i thought it did. i paid, and the staff were courteous even when i was in the wrong and popping off like a moron.  overall, it was a decent experience, and if i ever stumble when i'm carrying a chair around my house and put a hole in the wall again, i'll probably stay there again.
id-1080	i always enjoy my stay at the marriot grand vista. it is one of the options for my marriot timeshare, and i go there a lot when my parents are in town. my father enjoys the golf seminars and a chance to play, and my mom enjoys the pool and other activities. i love the fact that they have specific activities for teens. i recently sent my teenage daughter to disneyquest with the other teens from the hotel, courtesy of marriot. it was a great oppotunity for her to have fun and for me to spend some quiet vacation time. love the location, and the rooms are always well taken care of.
id-2862	my feelings upon arrival at the hampton inn in manhattan, kansas were generally positive. the lobby was clean and bright. the positive feelings did not last long because the guy who who checked me in was very nosy, and asked too many questions about my desire for a pillow that was not filled with down feathers. my room was on the first floor, which was okay except that it was right next to the gym and pool. the room was clean but ugly and outdated. the air seemed wet in there, and the ac barely cooled the room down even though i set it on 65 degrees. the breakfast was good, but the staff was rude. i was happy to check out.
id-1172	the vallarta palace is a five star resort off the shores of the beautiful western mexican coast line. located in puerto vallarta, jalisco mexico, this all inclusive resort has everything you need to experience the high life. jaccuzzi's are located in all the hotel rooms, along with 24/7 access to room service and all you can eat, buffet style dining with themes from all throughout the world. entertainment is available daily, and the resort lies right on the beach. the resort has three bars, two located poolside, along with high level service. you get a lot for this package, at a relatively affordable price.
id-2838	i stayed here for two nights with a friend. first, i must mention that i live in the city, but this hotel was more convenient to where we wanted to go (the pennsylvania convention center). but i would never stay here again, not even for that reason. check in was supposed to be at 3. our room was not ready until 5:30. already a major strike against them, but whatever. then our room smelled like smoke (and the entire hotel is supposed to be non-smoking). my friend has asthma, so that was a no-no. it was another hour to get another room. the view was nothing special, but we did not really expect it to be. the next day, when we came back from the convention, it turned out that they had not even cleaned our room! there was no reason for it to be dirty. we complained, and they did not care. horrible staff and very rude. we'll never stay here again!
id-2866	this was by far one of the most overpriced day's inn hotels i've ever stayed in. the rooms are dark and dingy, and it has a very old smell to the whole place. the pool was tiny, so do not come here if you really look forward to a good swim! we stayed here for a few days during a move, and were very happy to leave when it was time.
id-2858	there were many teens staying there. they stayed up all hours of the night partying. you could not enjoy sitting on your porch without some drunk coming up to you and pestering you.
id-1186	what a beautiful resort! landscaping is beautiful throughout, but especially by the wedding pavilion. while we were there, there were three different restaurants open. you had to made reservations for the italian restaurant (dress code) and the seafood restaurant, but the buffet was open during all hours. there was also a small grill by the pool that served american sandwiches. food was good. the best part was the activity crew! they were fabulous! i highly recommend this as a great place to take the family!
id-2904	did not like the service that i was provided, when i entered the hotel. i also did not like the area, in which the hotel was located. too much noise and events going on for me to feel relax and away from the city life.
id-1218	la quinta inn and suites chain offers the best stay for the money nationwide. the rooms are clean and favorably decorated and usually offer a refrigerator and a microwave standard. there is free wi-fi and satellite channels, as well. most la quintas offer a swimming pool and continental breakfast and welcome both kids and pets. the price for a stay is low end and the la quinta inns are generally located for easy access off the highway. for restful, clean lodging at an affordable price, choose la quinta inn and suites.
id-2854	this place is horrible. the guest service pays you no attention. the other people staying there are trash, mainly prostitutes and junkies.
id-2882	the radisson lackawanna station hotel, located in downtown scranton, pa is perhaps one of the worst hotels i have ever had the opportunity to reside at. the hotel staff is rude, unknowledgable and inconsistent. the hotel room itself was dirty. there was a used bar of soap in the shower, a burnt out lightbulb in the nightstand lamp and multiple hairs in the sheets. the housecleaning staff have foul mouths and talk about racy, inappropriate subjects with guests around. i would highly recommend staying elsewhere if you are visiting scranton, pa.
id-1260	i recently spent 2 nights at club quarters in philadelphia. not only is it conveniently located to the historic sights, shopping and great options for meals, the staff were super friendly and the room was very comfortable. i was not sure how to use the computer to check-in, but someone came and guided me through. she even offered me a cup of coffee and some fresh warm cookies. one thing i really liked was the refillable and reusable water bottles that can be filled with filtered water. what a perfect thing to have for sight-seeing. after check out i had several hours before my bus was to depart, and they were very accommodating and stored my luggage for me. i will definitely return to club quarters.
id-1220	wow.   that is quite simply the first word that comes to mind when i think about the cannery pier hotel. and the second. and even the third. my wife and i went to this hotel for our honeymoon, and spent an absolutely marvelous week here.   first and foremost, i have to say the staff here is simply incredible. friendly, warm, and genuinely caring, they make you feel like you're visiting close friends or family rather than staying at a hotel.  now, on to the hotel itself. we arrived early afternoon, a couple hours before check in time. the first surprise we had was that they had our room ready and allowed us to check in early. after a couple of hours on the road, this was very welcome indeed.   the room was absolutely beautiful. we stayed in the one bedroom suite, and the pictures simply do not do it justice. the wraparound deck provided a place to sit and watch the ships go by in the columbia river (they even provided a complimentary set of binoculars!), or to just relax and watch the birds fly by. the jetted tub is big enough for two (and i'm a pretty tall guy) and was comfortable enough to never want to get out.  one of the treats at cph is the wine hour. at 5:00, the staff puts out bagels, cream cheese, and lox, and then pours glasses of wine from different local vineyards for the guests. and again, this is complimentary!  if you want to go out for dinner, the staff will be happy to make reservations for you at any of a number of local restaurants, ranging from laid back pubs to upscale seafood restaurants. and when it's time to go to dinner, one of their staff will drive you to the restaurant in the hotel's 1939 buick towncar (i noticed from their website that they've added a 1938 packard and a 1945 caddilac). when you are done with dinner, the restaurant staff can simply call the hotel and the car will be by to pick you up. again, this is a complimentary service. just part of what makes cph so special (we did give the driver a healthy tip every night we went out).   finally, one of the things that actually has stuck with me since our honeymoon (and has us returning there every year for our anniversary, at least for one night) is this: about halfway through our stay there, my wife got sick. i went to the lobby, and asked the night clerk where the nearest drug store was. the next morning, when we came down for breakfast, the day clerk stopped us to ask how my wife was doing. the simple fact that they cared enough to make sure she was feeling better absolutely amazed us.  we look forward to spending many more anniversaries at this wonderful hotel.
id-2852	this was an outrageously expensive hotel and the stay was awful. we had a suite that cost $1,400 a night. it started with a rude desk agent who behaved as if they were doing us a favor by checking us in. i asked a few questions about the room we had been assigned and was met with an attitude. when we went to the room we discovered that it was substantially smaller than the one we had last time even though it was a full $400 a night more. i wen back to check in to ask for another room and was told there were no others available. that first night we were bitten by fleas all night. in the morning when i complained they offered to switch us to another room but refused to do anything else like credit us for the first night's stay. they said that because the room we were being switched to was an upgrade that should more than make up for our inconvenience. i actually had to seek medical attention because of the bites. the hotel offered nothing to make up for our horrible stay and the manager never contacted me when i wrote a formal complaint. we had stayed there 3 times previously and were shocked at their lack of appreciation for repeat customers.
id-1068	the la quinta inn in brownsville, texas was conveniently located right off highway 77. it was a fifteen minute drive to south padre island from the hotel which was a great trade off considering hotels on the island are at least three times as much a night. we had a large room with a king sized bed that included a microwave and a small fridge. the bathroom was large and bright with an extended curtain rod for the bathtub, which felt like a luxury. the maid came in everyday to fix the room and always left us new towels and soap. the desk clerk was informative and helpful.
id-1176	the seminole hotel was awesome! just the spirit and liveliness of the property was uplifting. my family and i entered through and we were greeted and asked if we needed help with our luggage. the hotel attendant was also very pleasant. she was very informative about the upcoming festivals and events. we decided to try the casinos and then later hit the room. the entire building was clean, spacious, bright, and easy to navigate. the employees politely directed us to the poker tables where my family spend well over $400. with our luck, we ended up losing everything. as we returned to the hotel, one of the staff members noticed our disappointment and brought us warm blankets to our room. this simple, but sweet gesture signified how pleasant the employees were. i would come back any day.
id-2944	i stayed at the holiday inn in rosslyn, and it was gross. my room smelled bad and was very dark. the wallpaper is peeling, the bathroom was dirty, and i had trouble sleeping because my bed was so uncomfortable. elevators take forever, the place needs to be modernized, and the hotel staff is not particularly friendly.
id-1048	i enjoyed my stay at the hilton hotel the room service the free wifi as well. the room was very clean the people was very nice.
id-1086	we decided to have late evening cocktails and dessert at the living room in the peninsula, after a nice evening out. service as always was excellent as is the ambience.
id-1214	this hotel is very clean. rooms were very nice in size. cookies at the front desk just waiting for your enjoyment and pleasure. the hotel provides elevator service with luggage carts for your convience. they have a wonderful hot tub and pool to cool off after a hot day here. this hotel has a laundry facility as well. it is no wonder why people return here year after year. the service here is very warm and down to home. comfort awaites you here in the country.
id-2938	we stayed here on our way from miami to key west. we only had to spend a night, so we found first hotel that was available. the hotel is on the highway 1 so was the first (and only) one we tried. we paid about $60 for a room, which i thought was a bit too expensive for the hotel and neighborhood, but i was too tired to hunt for bargain.the hotel was rated as 2 stars. i have stayed at other two star hotels, and the rooms looked comparable at first sight. however, the first room that was given to us had a terrible smell of bleach. we could not stand there for a minute and went back to reception and got another room. no smell in other room. once we settled and unpacked, i started noticing small problems. the refridgerator was too loud and at night i woke up and unplugged it. the bed was so fragile that everytime i turned in sleep, it squeeked & my wife woke up. the flush in bathroom was leaking. it flushed regularly every 5 minutes and made noice. the hair dryer was not working. the hot & cold indicators in the bathroom was interchanged. above all, when i complained to the receptionist while checking out, she looked at me as if i was being too fuzzy. no wonder none of the problems were fixed yet. i would recommend everyone to stay away from this hotel.
id-2020	this hotel was infuriating the first night i arrived. i was scheduled for a reservation for two nights, and upon arriving with my confirmation number personally given by the sales manager of the hotel i was told that the reservation was only for one night. the entire hotel was booked and i was unable to get the room i had called ahead to make sure was still available. after this, i was pointed to another hotel to get a room there comped by the hampton inn. the problem was that they tried to make me pay once i arrived there as hampton inn listed me as a walk-in.
id-2936	i stayed at the ramada hotel in cordele, ga for three nights while i was visiting relatives. we tried two rooms before we found one that had working air conditioning and did not smell of mold. the third night we were there, the air went out in the third room. we complained and received a full refund and will never return to this hotel ever again. the girl at the front desk did not seem to care if we weren't happy at all.
id-2798	my children and i stayed at this hotel in new orleans in january, 2012. when we arrived at the hotel, we had to wait for over 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us at the front desk. once we finally got the key and made it to our room, the room was dirty. there was even a dirty town in the floor from the previous guest. i called the front desk to complain, however, no one showed up to clean until the next day. there is supposed to be a perk at this hotel where they have free hot snacks in the evening. they were anything but hot. it was basically room temp chicken nuggets and hot dogs. find another hotel if you expect to have an enjoyable stay. this one was total disappointment.
id-1148	this hotel was very nice and acommodating. we arrived around 10pm without reservation and wanted a room. not only did we get a suite for less than 100 dollars, the lady at the front desk allowed us to swim in the pool one hour later than closing. we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves in the indoor heated pool, and the room was very nice as well. we were within walking distance of local restaurants as well. the room was very clean and comfortable, and the staff was amazing.
id-2846	the sheraton garden grove anaheim south hotel is a newer built hotel on the anaheim strip, but because it is newer, the location is very far away from disneyland. unlike the pictures, the hotel itself is rather small, with an tiny outdoor pool that is surrounded by the parking lot. the staff is present at best, and any questions or concerns are quickly passed on and not adequately resolved. i was under the impression that this sheraton was the other hotel that was indeed closer to disneyland, only to my dismay that this hotel is actually closer to an old liquor store and food stall. the rooms were really cramped and were not the cleanest for being such a newly built hotel.
id-1040	the grand hyatt new york is conveniently located in midtown manhattan. this is an ideal for the business traveler, as they provide wi-fi, a 24-hour business center, and a spacious work area in the hotel rooms themselves. they also have ample meeting space and offer catering for meetings. ample modern audio visual equipment is supplied so there is no need to bring any along. for those who have traveled to midtown for work, it is a very short jaunt to just about any midtown office building. cabs are readily available in inclement weather or if you have a heavy load to carry. the hotel concierge can arrange car service as well. the hotel is very gracious about honoring special requests, such as early check-in, late check-out and high floors/quiet rooms and rooms away from the elevators. i have stayed in many business hotels in new york and the grand hyatt new york exceeds them all.
id-1050	i attended the sea view hotel in new jersey and i was totally blown away by how beautiful it was. my friend and i spent the weekend there for his brother's wedding and i felt so lucky! it was like a mini vacation being there. the beds were so soft and the pillows felt amazing, it was great to crash in bed after a long day. the views were fantastic and the hotel itself is just so stunning to look at. they did a really great job with the wedding and the staff was really nice aside from one ornery valet. they have an on sight restaurant that has fantastic food, i had a chicken wrap and it was really on point. everything about this place was perfect! i really enjoyed my stay and i totally recommend it for everyone else!
id-1250	the hotel was amazing! the rooms were so big and comfy. we brought our dog with us and the welcomed her that was a huge plus for us. we also forgot a playpen for our son so we called the front desk and they brought one right up! everything was perfect.
id-1140	this hotel is a beautiful and historic landmark in beautiful downtown richmond. it's outer beauty reflects it's inner beauty. high ceilings, art deco look, give this hotel the feel of old richmond in the modern day. the staff is courteous, polite, and on the ball about all questions and requests. also, the rooms are sizeable, the beds are comfortable, and are just as beautiful as the lobby and outside. there is also a great restaurant/bar called le maire that incorporates classic southern foods with a modern style. overall, the experience was amazing, and surprisingly the hotel is not overly expensive. a+.
id-2926	recently my fiance and i stayed at the oceana in santa barbara. the hotel room was small, over priced and offered precious few amenities. most troubling, however was the decor and furnishing which were old and dated. my fiance complained that the furniture was so old tha she was convinced it was dirty. she believes wicker furniture belongs outdoors and acts as a strong dust magnet. we will not return to this hotel.
id-2878	i was not a big fan of this hotel. the room was alright, standard hotel mattress, good tv, but there was some mismatched paint on the walls and other little details that seemed off. also, there was no free breakfast--you had to pay at the restaurant downstairs. also, the reason that we picked this hotel was that it had an indoor pool and we were staying in march. even though it was indoors, the pool was still freezing cold. there was also a cigarette butt in the hot tub. they had put in a fake waterfall using sandstone at one end of the pool. the water was eroding the rocks, and there was sand all over the pool area, including in the pool.
id-1240	we stayed two nights here just recently & found the place itself a great location. yes, the room is small but it did not bother us as we were hardly in the room. we had a king suite. it was called that because it had a mini sauna in the room. the room was clean & had a simple decor.   do ask for a room at the back of the motel. it will be quieter than the front as you can hear the traffic from lombard.   wifi was a strong signal & had no problems connecting right up.  parking is first come, first serve & there is not much for the size of the place. we came in late on friday & found the last spot available & just decided to ride muni for our entire visit. it was very convenient to catch, as there was the buses that ran on lombard, chestnut & union street.  when we checked in friday, the clerk was nice. checking out, another guy was very rude when we asked to leave our car a few ours, which we would have had it moved before others would be checking in & the parking lot was empty. aside from that, we did not have any interaction with the front desk staff.   i would definitely stay here again as i found the rooms clean & loved the proximity to everything plus it was a reasonable price compared to other places in the area.
id-2892	not recommended. the elevators are slow, the rooms are small and the staff is very rude. my wife called the front desk and asked for fresh towels to be brought up to our room. the clerk told her that he was busy but she could go downstairs and get them herself. she asked to speak with a manager and was told there was not one. terrible customer service!
id-2832	me and my fiance recently stayed at the trump plaza. it was our first time to ac together and i must say it was a blast. they gave us some great casino starters, getting 20 tier points get a free 25 dollars. were not even big gamblers but said what the hell. we ended up winning 250 dollars in slots. it was a blast. our hotel view was great, we stayed in one night, rented a movie, and order some room service. even the food was great ( over priced, but all hotels are). well worth it, inexpensive and enjoyable
id-1070	beautiful, amazing, spectacular setting. i loved the workers, the food, and the quietness i was being provided. it seem like i was really on vacation rather than on a business trip. one of the best hotels in the city i been to thus far. five out of five for me.
id-1090	the holiday inn express in pueblo, co was a great experience. the staff was friendly and accomadating. they served breakfast longer then usually due to the large amount of people at the hotel that weekend. the breakfast was free, delicious, and hot. the staff never allowed the food to run out. also, it has a 24 hour gym, warm indoor pool, and a hot tub. the beds were like heaven. the pillows were amazing. i have never had that good of a nights rest in a hotel before. you will never be able to find a better staff thean the staff at the holiday inn express.
id-1198	stayed in the hotel to visit family in the eugene/springfield area. great location just off the i-5. the rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly. our rate was really reasonable and it included a very nice breakfast. the breakfast had a lot of choices from eggs to pancakes, fruit and breakfast pastries. there was an indoor pool and it is pet friendly. the hotel was a pleasant surprise
id-2816	i have stayed at the luxor before but it was many years ago when it first opened. i liked it much better then because now when i stayed there it seems like everything has gone downhill. the upkeep seems poor and it felt like their rooms have been downgraded rather than upgraded. i now understand why the room was so cheap.the worst part of my whole stay was the bed in our room. it was like sleeping on wooden boards. the bedding material was slim. there was only one sheet between us and the mattress and there was not even a box spring under the mattress. then there was a sheet and our blanket. after a night of drinking i assumed going to bed and passing out would be the easiest thing to do. not even close because it was the worst sleep i have ever experienced while staying in vegas.not only was the bed horrible but the entertainment and decor on the inside is dull. there does not seem to be much to do inside the luxor. however, the location on the strip and easy access to adjoining hotels makes it easy to find entertainment elsewhere. i have no problem paying an extra $20 per night to stay at another place on the strip where i can get a good night's rest.
id-2864	i really did not like spending the night at this hotel. the area it was located in was sketchy and i did not feel safe at all. the inside was relatively clean and the staff were nice enough. the continental breakfast was really gross though.