id-1270	this hotel and resort is wonderful for family events. the three pools are an added bonus. there are many activities to enjoy year round.
id-1248	my stay at the rennaissance hotel in ft. lauderdale coincided with the wedding of a dear friend. my initial plans for a place to stay fell through and i had to book a room at the rennaissance after arriving in the area. the booking staff on the phone was very helpful and the rates were great considering i was reserving for a stay that would begin that very night.  i was very happy with the amenities at the hotel. there is a more than ample parking lot. the lobby was fit for an art museum, and the food was scrumptious. the room we stayed in was beautiful and overlooked the pool and a lake. our bed was very comfortable and we slept like babies.   overall the service at the rennaissance was impeccable. the concierge was extremely helpful, polite, and responsive. if i ever need to be in the area again, i'll make this hotel my first choice.
id-1226	i love staying at the la quinta inn everytime we travel! their rooms are always clean, many have awesome pools, and we always are able to get a generous military discount (my husband is in the army.) the first time we stayed, i was unaware of their military discount, and my husband was not with me. the clerk started to ring me up, and then noticed my husband's dog tags around my neck. she offered me the discount...that has stuck with me, because she did not have to do that, but she went above and beyond for us. also, the la quinta almost always has rooms for large families available, which can be hard to find (we are a family of 6.) i would recomend them to anyone!
id-1132	i thought that this hotel was great. the resort was huge, had many pools, and offered many dinning options. they also had a shuttle that would take you to all the different theme parks as well as many on sight activities to do everyday of the week. you could do paddle boats, play tennis and basketball, and play a round of mini-golf.
id-1232	i recently visited the w hotel in new orleans(downtown)for the first time and it was best hotel ive ever been too. first of all, the hotel is beautiful!! the valet is prompt and courteous. i was even given a bottle of voss water upon entrance...for free!! the check-in girl was polite and gave me a free room upgrade. my room was immaculate and beautifully decorated. later that night i ordered room service and the food was hot and fresh. i requested a wake up call the next morning and i did receive it on the dot.  checkout was a breeze and so was retrieval of my vehicle. overall, i give this hotel two thumbs up!
id-1200	when other hotels in the area were either fully booked or offering sky-high rates, the extended stay america in burbank was a great option. there was ample parking, easy access to local freeways, and the room itself was clean and comfortable. the best part was the kitchen that carried all of the pans, dishes, and utensils we needed. it was right in a huge shopping center, which was very convenient.
id-1066	this hotel was a very nice and affordable stay. the beds were comfortable and it had cable. the shower worked great, and the continental breakfast included a nice variety of foods. i would definitely stay here again.
id-1244	i stayed in this hotel while i was on vacation. this is an amazing hotel. lobby is huge and my kids really enjoyed the time we spent there. tv was big size and very crystal clear. bed was clean and everything was very organized. staff was very quick in responding to phone calls. i went to checkout the bar at night and to my surprise it was also very big and lot of options for beer. overall great experience!
id-1188	the first time visiting a city you've never been in is scary. luckily, my friend booked me a place at embassy suites, and it was not so sad anymore. it has a great view from the 7th floor and the lights at night are fantastic. it's in walking distance from the north point mall in alpharetta, ga and i just about went there everyday. i practically spent all my money going to the mall and eating out everyday, but it was a fabulous time. the hotel itself has a beautiful interior and the one i stayed at had a free breakfast, an indoor pool and a bar. what more can you ask for? the staff at the hotel were very polite and accommodating and it was just a pleasant experience staying here. i would definitely choose this hotel again when i'm nearby and need a place to stay.
id-1072	the microtel in charlotte, north carolina is a nice place to stay. it is located just a short distance of the charlotte-douglas airport. it is clean and inexpensive, a perfect combination for a traveler on a budget. i stayed there when visiting a nascar race in the area. the hotel was roomy, the hotel staff was friendly and informative, and i enjoyed relaxing there. the beds and pillows were soft. i enjoyed my stay there and would gladly stay there again. 4 out of 5 stars.
id-1124	the ocean creek resort in myrtle beach is the best!the hotel is situated on the water in myrtle beach and has several pools for both adults and children. because of the location near a creek the water is great for little children. the rooms are spacious and bright. the staff is very friendly and accommodating to your needs. the ocean side bar is perfect for sitting back and listening to music.
id-1222	my husband and i recently spent 3 nights at the flamingo las vegas. we very much enjoyed our experience there! the flamingo is located at the center of the strip and we were in short walking distance to tons of restaurants and other hotels. our room had floor to ceiling windows with an amazing view of the strip and the bellagio fountains. the room was updated with a very large flat screen tv in the living room and even a small tv in the bathroom mirror! check-in was very quick and easy and all of the staff were extremely friendly. the hotel was not stuffy or uppity like other hotels we have been to on the vegas strip. the grounds were superbly kept and extremely peaceful at night.   we ate at the various places in the hotel several times and were pleased with each experience. margaritaville had a great atmosphere and great service. we ordered room service for breakfast and the french toast was amazing!   my husband and i plan to return to vegas this year and will be staying at the flamingo again. you just can not beat the price and location!
id-1150	the melia hotel in atlanta was exceptionally nice. the room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. they have a nice bar and grill inside the hotel that was very lively. i enjoyed the overall atmosphere and it was walking distance to the georgia aquarium and the coke building. the price was reasonable considering the location. my room rate including a great breakfast buffet. i was with my daughter visiting the georgia aquarium and considering i did not have to spend money on a taxi or buy breakfast, i figured i saved at least $50 each day or $100 total. i would stay again.
id-1184	we went to sycuan as a birthday trip for my husband. even though the hotel and casino are seperate it was nice because it may the environment at the resort a lot more peaceful. when i made my reservation online, i ordered a dessert tray to be delivered to our room as a surpise for my husband. we were only in the room for 5 or 10 minutes when there was a knock on our door from room service delivering our treats. the dessert tray was amazing! we not only had chcoclate dipped strawberries and fresh baked cookies, but also a giant piece of triple chocolate cake. we almost did not make it to the casino because we almost slipped into a food coma from all the sweets. what also made our stay really nice was the fact that they had free transportation to and from the casino. you could call from your room, and be picked up outside of your room to be driven to the casino. the bus runs 24 hours so it did not matter if we went late at night or in the middle of the day. the drive is only 5 minutes and they drop you off right in front of the casino. after being in the casino we got picked up and driven back to our room. we had such a great night's sleep and there was no rush to check-out on time.  i would recommend this to anyone who wants the comfort of a resort with the entertainment of a casino. i will definately go back again.
id-1082	this hotel is conveniently located just blocks from the world-famous waikiki beach. the room price was very reasonable, and the hotel had a lot of great amenities, such as a pool, hot tub, bar, restaurant, and gift shop. the room was quite comfortable with a great view of the city, although i know that for a little more money nightly, the hotel also provides rooms that have an ocean view. the room was secure. it had a nice bathroom with a hair dryer. it also had a closet with hangers, and an ironing board and iron. there was a fairly large safe in the room where i could store important belongings while i was out, just for added security. there was a television, a refrigerator, and a coffee pot. there was also internet for a small daily fee. the hotel is not only located close to the beach, but also to a lot of shops and restaurants. it is right on the bus line, so it is very easy to just walk outside the hotel and catch a bus to virtually anywhere on the island, including the manoa neighborhood, the zoo, or even to hanauma bay, which is about an hour's drive away from the waikiki area. furthermore, i really liked the hotel lobby--it is a nice open air lobby with tables to sit at and have breakfast. there is a lovely fountain and koi pond. i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a budget, but would like to experience hawaii nonetheless.
id-1060	this hotel was incredible. i stayed at the holiday inn in binghamton, ny. the room was a perfect size, they had a mini fridge in the room which was a definite plus. the beds were comfortable and they even had soft and firm pillows! i would rate this 4/5. they were clean, and the staff was respectful. the services were perfect.
