id-0873	when we reserved a reservation at la quinta hotel in ft. lauderdale, fl, we expected a decent nights sleep at a fairly decent price. we have stayed at la quinta before and were always satisfied. this particular hotel is not what we expected. it is run down and dirty in the rooms. also the noise level was a constant all night with the parties going on in numerous rooms around ours. i would not recommend this to my enemy!
id-0991	the ste marie marie antoinette hotel, now renamed the hotel le marais, is located in the heart of the popular french quarter of new orleans. its location is convenient to the sights of the quarter. unfortunately that is the one positive aspect of this tired hotel. the property is in need of a renovation to the rooms and the common space. during my stay the pool was not operational, and the restaurant/bar was not open. the rooms were below average for similarly priced hotels in the french quarter. the hotel's brochure featured photographs that were either heavily retouched, or taken when the property had seen much better times.
id-0805	the hotel is very dirty and its not clean at all it has roaches there.
id-0895	i hate that motel is cheap noisy very load barly change sheets, ppl tent to break into cars and they barly do anything bout it just sucks...
id-0905	this hotel is your typical corporate facility, which is ok if you like that type of thing. centrally located and clean and safe. what i did not like was the extra fees for internet and the prices of meals in the restaurant, they were outrageous. thanks, blf.
id-0821	this hotel was absolutely disgusting. the price is low but it is definitely not worth it. you are much better off paying more and staying in a hotel that does not make you leave feeling filthy. the towels were tiny and had strange stains on them. the tv did not work and the hotel staff were not helpful at all. the worst thing was that the bed stunk horribly. it really smelled like a dead body laid in the bed for a month and then they did not change the sheets. i can not imagine how long those sheets must have been on that bed for them to stink as badly as they did. i would never, ever stay there again even if they paid me.
id-0997	the desk clerk was very nice. however the rooms were not nice, they had baseboards missing off the walls the tub looked nasty, the toilet didnt flush right, we had to go ask for a plunger to get it to flush at one time. the fridge was iced over. the price was high for such bad rooms!
id-1003	i would not recommend staying here to anyone. the rooms smelled like smoke, although it is a non smoking hotel. the beds seemed dirty and recently used without washing the sheets. we had to stay here because our car broke down and the mechanic was only a few blocks away and we were over 500 miles away from home. at night, it seems like a party hotel with people hanging around everywhere.
id-0833	i attended a business meeting out of town, and my secretary booked me a room at the hampton inn and suites in modesto, california. this was the absolute worst hotel stay i have ever experienced! i travel often for business, and in all of my travels i have never been so disappointed with a stay at a hotel or motel. the clerks at the front desk were rude and unwelcoming upon checking into my room. noisy children filled the hallways at all hours of the night, completely disrupting my sleep. getting ready in the morning was a total nightmare, as no hot water flowed from my shower. to make matters worse, when i left a complaint in the suggestion box at the front desk, the manager never responded back to rectify the awful situation! needless to say, i will never stay at this property again or recommend this hotel to anyone.
id-0927	overall, this hotel was not the greatest. the room was of decent quality, but was not nearly as clean as it should have been. the room service was terrible in that it did not properly stock the bathroom every day, creating a shortage of soap and clean towels. the complementary breakfast was good, but basic. the free wifi was very slow and unacceptable. the casino shuttle service was nice, however it was not on time. the gym was crowded and disorganized. furthermore, the jacuzzi suites left much to be desired.
id-0867	the management was unfriendly, the pool was a glorified bath tub, the smoke free hotel room smelled like a tobacco field, our electronic key card stopped working at 4 am (we were returning from a wedding reception) and there was no one at the desk until 4:30. imagine being drunk and tired and having to use the toilet and having to wait 30 minutes at 4 in the morning....no thank you.
id-0963	a couple of friends and my wife decided to take a one day short trip to the north shore of minnesota and at the end of teh day were so exhausted that we decided to stay in a hotel there rather than driving back to the twin cities. we stayed at the grand superior lodge. big disappointment. while they had rooms available, the hotel was so rustic the beds seemed old and were uncomfortable, and their restaurant closed at 8pm. in fact, all of the staff disappeared at around that time so we had to venture into town to find a place to eat. there were no amenities at the hotel and their only plus was the nice view of the lake they had. i would not recommend this hotel at all.
id-1005	i would never stay in the hotel again. the carpet looked and smelled as if it had been trampled on by a bunch of wet dogs. the microwave looked as if it had not been truly cleaned in months, not to mention the decor of the room looked as if it were chosen from a scene of an 80's movie. they claim to have free wifi but you have to call the front desk for a login code, well if no one answers at the front desk, this is pretty useless. the pictures on the website definitely overestimate the attractiveness of the indoor pool area.......the kiddie pool was the size of one of the baby pools that you buy for $10 at walmart. needless to say, we were not impressed with the atmosphere. this may be a nice getaway for college kids that plan on being wasted the entire stay (this way the defects of the hotel woould not be apparent)!
id-0949	the worst hotel experience ever!due to the fact the me and my husband did not pre-register to stay in a hotel during the state finals weekend, we were forced to stay in the hotel. the first room we were given still had dirty towels in it. the service was horrible it took them 2 entire hours just to get us transferred to a new room. the wost servicing experience of my life!
id-1009	when we came into our room it had not been cleaned by housekeeping yet. we notified the front desk who moved us to another room. we reserved a non smoking room however the room smelled like old, stale smoke. it also had a musty odor as if there was mold or mildew somewhere. the furnishings were outdated and in poor condition. the lighting was poor which added to the drab appearance. the air conditioner was loud and leaked. the hotel was in a location that i did not feel safe in.
id-0951	i booked at this hotel to save a few bucks but it was disgusting! part of the hotel is facing a highway and i was given a room in this part on the corner of the hotel. it was so loud from trucks all night i could not sleep. there were drunk kids going to their rooms all hours of the morning! the hotel was not very clean at all. not ever staying here ever again!
id-0909	i booked a weekend at terranea for my birthday. when i arrived my room was not ready at my check-in time and i was told i would have to wait. the front desk did not provide me an exact time but said i could walk around. an hour later it was still not ready. it took 5 hours actually. the next day at the pool a server came around and took my order while i laid out. they never returned. when i approached the pool bar it was mess. the sink was clogged and cups were everywhere. the price i paid made me really expect more. it should be a 2 star not 4.5. i would not be returning.
